
Moynahan's mother insists he go to treatment. This insistence was, of course, an 
offer that could not be refused. On the other end of the line was her son with
a sizeable vomitous gash on his face stitched together in haste by a crew of badly stressed
human punching bags, who could hardly be blamed for the arrival of that bold
and worthless human, Moynahan, to their emergency room, and with him came 
destruction, profanity, etc., so much so that at one point a nurse screamed
at the dark lug there on the plastic mattress that there were children in the
other room who could hear his dark screams and would presumably be traumatized
by the experience, while Moynahan could hardly believe himself at what he'd
just heard, and after a beat, responded, 'Does it look like I give a fuck?' to
which the nurse sighed and left the room, and now Moynahan stood in the bright
unflinching light of a jailhouse, with a pay-phone to his ear, speaking to his
mother who is both berating him as if he'd done something wrong and nearly in
tears from the enormity of the events of the year. Moynahan, at this point, will
agree to anything that gets him out of the solitary jail cell in which he cannot
tell time, cannot move further than five feet, and is not allowed a blanket, even
to comfort himself in the chilly air of complete decisive failure. For if he thought 
the police officer might kill him, he neglected to consider he might torture him, instead. 

Soon Moynahan is released and takes up his addiction again outside the bond office, inhaling 
the fine earthy smoke that so enriches the soul whilst his mother discusses the terms of 
bail, she announces to him before they arrive at home that he will be going to a rehab 
clinic tonight and there shall be no whinging, but there is whinging, and Moynahan trudges 
along at his mother's heels as they depart, arrive, and depart home, and arrive at the rehab 
center, close to Atlanta and sporting rigid chairs in the lobby, a woman brings Moynahan and 
his parents into the next room, and matter-of-factly states that there are no beds available 
for Moynahan tonight, he must come back on Monday, which prompts Moynahan's mother to start 
crying.

And there in the rehab office Moynahan's mother expresses her frustration that if Moynahan 
is not admitted tonight he will never go. Moynahan tells his mother he will go on Monday, 
and in between tears she asks if he promises. Moynahan says he does and can't help but be 
reminded of the instance in which his mother burst into tears inside of the car, driving 
around, lamenting that without pursuing extra-curriculars in high school he would be lonely, 
miserable, friendless, and possibly stunted in growth, and in order to stop her from crying 
right then and there he promised to join the marching band, if she would only stop crying, 
it was making him miserable, and he was already miserable. The woman behind the well-
appointed desk watches with a clinical fascination as this drama plays out, and Moynahan's 
father is there physically but silent. Moynahan's father had implored the hospital staff to 
scan Moynahan to determine if there was a tumor or a growth or some kind of obstruction 
inside Moynahan's head, and if this was pushing on an important lobe or secreting some fluid 
or becoming cancerous, as Moynahan was not always like this and there must be some medical 
explanation, something that could be removed or at least blamed. Moynahan remembers the MRI 
machine whirring with its scientific authority, and never hearing a peep from any doctor 
about it afterwards. They must have looked at Moynahan's brain and said, 'It appears 
normal.'

And so, because there are no more beds available, Moynahan and his parents arrive back at
 home to the barks of the two dogs. Vega, the springer mix, and Holly, the damn poodle. A 
 poodle foisted upon the family by the death of Moynahan’s grandparents, who were so in love 
 that once one passed, the next went as well. But Moynahan can remember the year spent 
 waiting, when his grandfather lived in the extra room that acted as a merry-go-round of 
 occupants, and the look on his face when he discovered Moynahan writhing on the floor of 
 the front room, screaming about something Moynahan can’t even remember anymore. And of 
 course, by that point, this occurrence had become so commonplace no one found it 
 remarkable. It must have been quite a shock to him to see the reality of Moynahan’s family 
 life after living away for so many years. He passed soon afterwards, in the extra room.

