Mentally ill. What is mental illness? On the television there are four 
husks of what I assume to be human beings reading me the day’s news. 
They have been chosen for a particular set of qualities which I imagine 
to be attractive, friendly, calm, blank, empty, or vacuous. They have 
trained themselves to read copy in the prescribed emotions we’re 
expected to feel for every report. They know sadness, disgust, pity, 
joy, laughter and surprise, but only as quick master classes in faded, 
false emotion. Swiveling back and forth between each with every camera 
change. Inserting small theatrical plays in which they offer their 
own ‘thoughts’ and ‘converse’ with one another. Plastering a thin smile 
on their faces that doesn’t quite reach the eyes. The studio itself is 
an organism in which their strange, inhuman behavior must be enabled at 
all costs. They must take in ‘news’ ( Surely passing through a 
producer’s filter - whose motivations we can only hypothesize and 
speculate on. ), process that news into copy ( Another filter - designed
 to read quick, fast, punchy and without legal liability. ), organize 
that news into a broadcast ( A filter in which the elements are arranged
 together to create a somewhat cohesive whole. ), and disregarding other
 filters ( Advertising, which host gets which story, transitions, etc. )
 the hosts read the script in the way which they have trained their 
entire lives to do: without life. Without contextual obligations and 
ideology, the entire assemblage is participating in what could be termed
 the most insane behavior ever known to man. Do these people have souls?
 Why do we accept their charade without question? Why are we not struck 
with a feeling befitting the act? We should be feeling 
unnerved. Unheimlich! I am not sure what mentally ill really means, but 
it is never applied to the sorts of strange, absurd situations that 
generally fit the term. People use the word mental illness to describe 
strange behavior like hoarding. But hoarding is not all that strange. We
 all buy shit. Buying shit feels good. So some people buy way too much, 
and like their stuff too much. Even trash. Is that out of the realm of 
understanding? Is that bizarre? Not really. What can we call a local 
news broadcast if not bizarre? Dripping with incredible weirdness. What 
is more delusional than a local news broadcast? I shudder to think.
