You’re right. I don’t respect you, or your opinions, or your thoughts. When you speak I hear 
the misremembered drivel of a young activist with a sign, striding down the street like 
their voice matters, or their cause matters, or their hopes and dreams matter. It is an 
insult to everything that exists that you strive for a better world when this world is an 
empty waste of terror and bloodshed. You are like a small and frightened child who cries for 
justice into the void of apathetic God. Today you energize to collapse the hegemony, so sure 
of its defeat, and sure of better things to come, like old Bolsheviks, or Cuban 
revolutionaries, or pioneering Fathers we carved into Native mountains. From genocide to 
genocide we paint the in-between with mocking scenes of ’higher function’ before the next 
self-destructive force tears mothers from daughters, fathers from sons, and all desolate 
wars continue on in killing after killing, hamlet after hamlet. You are a white privileged 
liberal who speaks in guilty tones of social justice and goodness, like all hypocrites in 
this life, praying out in plazas and lifting poor downtrodden masses to the spotlight as if 
they’re not as vile and evil on the inside as everybody else. I spit on your ideals.

You see yourself as men of kindness, or goodness, or love and peace, which is only love of 
yourself, peace for yourself, kindness to yourself. whatever helps make you feel good. You 
present yourself as helping others, which helps yourself. Which breeds the kind of image you 
desire, which cultivates the kind of peer group you envision having. You have grand thoughts 
which you discuss with others like you, which re-inforce your every fantasy and help you 
indulge in perverse pleasures like guilt shame and loathing. You do all of this for you. You 
care not for others, never have, and neither does anyone else. They’re all inherently 
selfish but they keep illusions of selflessness. These are not good people. There are no 
good people.

‘Yes, morality can be science,’ says the dolt, who watches us nod in stark agreement, ‘Yes, 
yes, of course! Who hasn’t coveted the Nobel Prize in Morality, a prize given only to the 
most prime of proofs! Who could forget that grand discovery of Meinstein, the moral shaggy 
doppelgänger, who found that shitting on the floor is an objective evil! What knowledge! 
Bravo!’

I do not fear your functionally illiterate friends or the morality of the post-drunk social club — 
I do not subscribe to the contradictions inherent to your worldview —
I do not taper at the thought of social contagions, or riding on a rail —
There is nothing to say about fires of burning leather or the mask of shame —
I am and always have been a lower form of life —
My purpose is to be the scum on the bottom of your shoes —
And that is where you’ll place me, seeing nothing else, because that’s your bag —
Who stink of worldly knowledge and the proper rights —
It is within the social structure I am most at ease —
I live for degradation and shouting words and conflict —
About what? About nothing. There is nothing worth shouting about —
Your religion is false. Your ideology is flawed. What you revere I tread upon —
I will always do this, it is fitting and proper —
